Feat/Auth Plugin (#954)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/auth/setup.adoc

== Configuration

> To get started with auth you must first create your own auth plugin. For most use cases you will only need to use our provided plugins at `@neo4j/graphql-plugin-auth`. Below is a basic example using the `Neo4jGraphQLAuthJWTPlugin` class: 

Reviewer: The first sentence here makes it sound like users have to write their own plugin, can we change the wording a bit?

```suggestion
To get started with auth you need an instance of an auth plugin for the Neo4j GraphQL Library. For most use cases you will only need to use our provided plugins at `@neo4j/graphql-plugin-auth`. Below is a basic example using the `Neo4jGraphQLAuthJWTPlugin` class: 
```
